Hi there! I've run into another design flaw with my chess game. I've been building a module called `ValidPieceMoves` that contains all of the functions I'd need to calculate where a piece is allowed to move on the board. I think it's also important to note that I have a class the creates each space on the board as its own object called `Coordinate`. This class is supposed to hold all of the information that a coordinate might need to know. I created Coordinate as a way to remove data clump from other classes, and it's worked great!

After building the `ValidPieceMoves` module, I thought I'd just be able to include that module in my `Coordinate` class and be on my jolly way! However, I've run into some unidentified function errors when I try to use functions from `ValidPieceMoves` in my `Coordinate` class. I think this is because my `ValidPieceMoves` module uses functions like `select_space` which lives in my `Game` class. As you can see, I think I've lost control of my classes and modules and they're getting tangled up, and I'm beginning to think that I designed something wrong.

I think I could fix the issue by putting all of the functions from `ValidPieceMoves` in my `Coordinate` class. This would further remove data clumping because I wouldn't have to keep selecting the space in every function. However, I don't know if `Coordinate` would still be following the single responsibility principle if I also made it in charge of determining valid spaces? That's originally why I had the idea of keeping the responsibility of determining valid spaces separate in its own module. 

Would it be a violation if I migrated all of the functions from `ValidPieceMoves` into my `Coordinate` class? If it is a violation, I'm not sure what else I could do to remedy this situation?

Here's my repo: https://github.com/BrentBarnes/Chess